https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEilWi6PMHY&list=PLXHMvqUANAFOviU0J8HSp0E91lLJInzX1&index=13
# HW/SW Hello world
1. We need to use the IP block dseign flow, later call the IP out
2. Add the PS ZYNQ, this PS has 4 AXI GP ports to the PL part.
3. One can actually make configuration to the PS part by clicking it to see the internal structure.

# Run automation
1. UART,SPI,I2C,DDR would be automatically done by vivado.


# GPIO(PL,SoftIP)
1. IP for reading input output, LEDS, OLEDS, BUTTONS need this GPIO.
2. Then we have to connect the PL
3. Do the customization for your created IP in PL. You can configure the circuit.
4. One can specify the clock frequency of PS and PL through the configuration of PS ZYNQ
5. SoftIP will be implemented using the PL

# PS and PL
1. For PS, all other modules are just a memory address for it.
2. MMIO memory mapped I/O requests for all other modules and IPs. As if it is reading and writing to a memory.
3. The AXI interconnections connects the PS and PL part.
4. Interconnects check for the address of PS and send the data to the correct Modules. It helps navigate the transactions.

# Validate the design
1. Remember to validate the design after finishing block design assignment.
2. After Wrapping up using the HDL wraper, simply generate the bitstream.
3. After Generating the bitstream, export the HW, the info would be shared and used by SDK.

# Exporting HW
1. After exporting HW open the SDK
2. The address map specify which IP port connects to which memory addresses.
3. System.hdf has all the hardware information for the MMIO address.

# SDK
1. The xparameter file contains all the infos of the MMIO address.
2. Remember to choose the empty application file when you are trying to run a project.
```C
    #include<xil_io.h>
    //has the Xil_in and Xil_out function to output the value through the I/O port(GPIO)
    "xparameter.h", //find the MACRO address generated by HW, and send it into Xil_in
    Xil_in(GPIO_ADDRESS,VALUE). //VALUE is the content you would like to send out.
    Xil_out(GPIO_ADDRESS,VALUE). //The Processor sees ADDRESS in a MMIO way.
```
